docs: update README and supported models for v0.22.0 release (#4233)
vllm-project/vllm-omni: README.md

---

*Latest News* 🔥

> - [2026/06] We released [0.22.0](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm-omni/releases/tag/v0.22.0) - an **omnimodal world-model** release aligned with vLLM 0.22, featuring Nvidia Cosmos3/DreamZero world model support, expanded quantization coverage across Blackwell/NPU/XPU, TTS production improvements, new models including MiniCPM-o 4.5, MOSS-TTS, and Lance, plus RL integration with veRL-Omni.

Author: add link for Cosmos3 recipe

> - [2026/06] We released [0.22.0](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm-omni/releases/tag/v0.22.0) - an **omnimodal world-model** release aligned with vLLM 0.22, featuring Cosmos3/DreamZero world model support, expanded quantization coverage across Blackwell/NPU/XPU, TTS production improvements, new models including MiniCPM-o 4.5, Higgs Audio, MOSS-TTS, and Lance, plus RL integration with veRL-Omni.

Author: ```suggestion
- [2026/06] We released [0.22.0](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm-omni/releases/tag/v0.22.0) - an **omnimodal world-model** release aligned with vLLM 0.22, featuring Nvidia Cosmos3/DreamZero world model support, expanded quantization coverage across Blackwell/NPU/XPU, TTS production improvements, new models including MiniCPM-o 4.5, MOSS-TTS, and Lance, plus RL integration with veRL-Omni.
```
